Right.
Bye bye.
Nice.
Michael Hoefer: Hello.
Monica: Hi.
Michael Hoefer: Hi, this is Dr. Hall for
Michael Hoefer: I can hear you. But I can't see.
Monica: Where I push
Michael Hoefer: Not sure if it should be.
Michael Hoefer: If you are the good, the bottom of the window. There should be something that says like start video or stop video
Monica: On the bottom line. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Can you see me. Oh, I can. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Hey,
Michael Hoefer: And so is it miss Hoyos
Michael Hoefer: Yeah okay, nice to meet you. I'm Dr Hofer
Monica: Nice to meet you too.
Michael Hoefer: And so I'm a psychologist working with bright heart health, and I'm doing some of the intakes into the program.
Michael Hoefer: And we have about
Michael Hoefer: 30 to 40 minutes today we'll be talking and I'll be asking you about your, you know, substance use, but also your medical and psychiatric history. And then after that, we'll, we'll talk about a plan.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, okay.
Michael Hoefer: All right, I just like to start by
Michael Hoefer: Hearing
Michael Hoefer: You how you heard about bright heart health.
Monica: Um,
Monica: But from my account from a counselor ash Ashley from the
Monica: Metal
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha. And what, what, where are you at right now and what clinic. Are you with
Monica: I was a temporary with
Monica: The adult mental health.
Monica: Okay, yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, and
Michael Hoefer: Let's see, and you're in. Are you in Salinas, California.
Michael Hoefer: Yes. Okay, great. Alright.
Michael Hoefer: So I'm in Marin County and you're just down the road. A few hours.
Okay.
Michael Hoefer: And can you tell me what brings you into treatment today and how we can be helpful.
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: My this past on this past two years.
Monica: I
Monica: They took the couches, that I will see now for a while, and she hadn't stable on some medication and my primary doctor has been issued me some of the medicine and and the sky. Joel Osteen. She gave me so much, but
Monica: I just don't feel like, like, like, like is working for me right now. I just
Monica: My anxieties all it's all this stuff and and and
Monica: My
Monica: I just like get frustrated for Eric didn't until it angry and and and i don't like feeling like rightfully
Michael Hoefer: So so anxiety. So stress, anxiety and anger or things are struggling with right now. Okay.
Monica: And
Monica: Be not isolate myself and my British started come back.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha. And and is this evaluation today for psychiatric care, or four, or for starting something like buprenorphine or medication for for opiate use just so I'm clear
Monica: Know, just said guide scratches.
Okay.
Monica: And like I said, I'm trying to get back on my medication.
Michael Hoefer: Okay and and what were the medications that you were taking before that you found helpful.
Monica: You know i i
Monica: Got
Monica: I think that the best below suffer was one
Michael Hoefer: Below safin
Monica: It. Yeah, okay.
Michael Hoefer: Let me see. I'll try to Google that because it's, uh, I'll see if something comes up that's close to that because I'm not totally familiar
Monica: With that was it.
Was it baclofen
Monica: I think so. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: And what was, what was that medication supposed to do for you.
Michael Hoefer: Like how did it help you
Monica: I'm not sure if it was for anxiety.
Okay.
Michael Hoefer: How many times did you did you take it multiple times a day, or once a day.
Monica: Know, multiple times. I think I was like four times a day. Okay.
Okay.
Michael Hoefer: All right. So that might sue. So that may have been a medication that the closest thing that I can think through is the medication called back within which is like a muscle relaxer, and it also can sometimes make you feel tired and can help with anxiety.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, so that was maybe one of them. Do you have any like, you know, papers with the with the medication names, or do you have any old bottles or anything that we could look at to kind of see, just so I have an idea of what you've been on
Let me see.
Monica: I'm not sure I'm not sure if this is one of them, but I'm
Monica: Hydro foot know that's all we're talking about
Monica: You know what, like I I just moved to I just moved. Like, like, like, a week ago and I'm
Monica: Not sure where all the studies that, to be honest with you.
Monica: Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Well, we can try to figure out a way around that the medication. You just picked up was that hydroxyl.
Monica: Yes.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha. Okay, so, um, so going back a little bit your history. So you had previously been seen a psychiatry is how long did you see that psychiatrist for
Monica: That one. I've only seen it for like six months, but um I've been, it's been about like over five years that I've been on Skype just
Monica: That I've been on was like I gotcha.
Michael Hoefer: And and what got you first involved in meeting with the psychiatrist was a depression or anxiety or anger. What was the first thing that brought you in
Monica: depression. Depression.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha. And
Michael Hoefer: In the, in the last time you saw a kite psychiatrists was how long ago.
Monica: I will say about four months ago.
Michael Hoefer: Four months. Okay. And who's your primary care doctor
Monica: Her name. Her name is Carrie Carrie D.
Michael Hoefer: Okay. And how's your how's your relationship with her.
Michael Hoefer: It's good. Good. Okay, cool. And so, you know, as far as stress levels right now. What are some things do they your stressors come out of nowhere. Are there certain things in your life right now that are causing you stress that you can identify
Monica: No, they sometimes they come out of nowhere like just things that have been through my life as a kid growing up and
Monica: No, just me makes me angry.
Michael Hoefer: Okay. And are those like traumatic events that you've experienced when you were younger.
Monica: Yeah, physically and sexually mentally abused. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Okay. And that happened to you at a young age.
Michael Hoefer: Yes. Gotcha. Okay. Yeah. And so, do you sometimes you have thoughts about that or dreams about that or
Monica: Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: And when that happens, it gets you really upset.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, understandably, gotcha. Okay. And how do you do as far as you know, are you around, are you, are you okay being around large groups of people.
Know,
Monica: I'm not actually I'm very good to myself. I'm a retired.
Monica: Driver. That's what I was good at 2000 loan.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha. So you could do that work because you could just, you could get in the truck and just drive and be on your own. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, yeah. Okay, and how about like how do you do with loud sounds like if a car backfires or
Monica: Not good. Especially with sirens.
Monica: Uh huh. Yeah, they get to me. I just
Monica: I don't know if it's because what I've been through.
Monica: And it brings me back bad memory. Okay.
Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: And how about things like
Michael Hoefer: Do you feel like you know that you're like, if you're in a room. Do you have to be like facing the exit or having an escape plan or things like that, or are you okay, are you able to kind of sit in a room and feel comfortable
Monica: Without I'm always worried about something. And yeah, most
Like
Monica: Like
Monica: I was like film is going to happen.
Monica: It happens but but
Monica: Yeah, that's just the way
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. Okay. And how are you, you know, how are you doing, and kind of like with relationships with your family or friends or partners. Do you have people that are close to you or that you feel like you can connect with
Monica: Just my mom and my sister.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha. And are you able to talk to them about like how you're feeling. And do you feel like they can try to understand at least. Yeah. Okay, gotcha. And are they, do they live in Salinas as well.
Monica: Yes, they, they only depart from me.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha. So you have contact with them.
Monica: Yeah, just been a week ago. Then I moved by myself I was staying with my sister.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, so is this place here your new place.
Monica: Yes.
Monica: Oh, cool. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: How do you like having your own place. I
Monica: Enjoy. I like peaceful and and I really enjoy it. I'm like, you can't deny
Michael Hoefer: That sounds like a good, a good spot.
Michael Hoefer: Okay. And, you know, as far as, you know, so we've been talking about, kind of like trauma related symptoms and PTSD like symptoms do you have, you know, other types of anxiety, people can have is like just worrying about everything worrying about
Michael Hoefer: You know the earthquake and you know how your family's doing and the finances and like everything just kind of stressing out about that. Is that something that you do.
Michael Hoefer: Yes, yeah. Okay. And how are you, how do you do socially. Do you get, like, Are you okay, talking to people. Are you okay, like, or do you get like nervous like speaking to people or
Monica: Just speak to my sister, my mom I don't trust, nobody I
Monica: Know, they're against me or something like I just can't trust anybody here.
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. Okay, but it's not like you. It sounds to me. I'm not hearing that you feel like nervous talking to people are scared or worried about them judging or things like that. That's more like you don't trust people. And so you just keep to yourself.
Michael Hoefer: Is that is that is that. Did I get that right.
Michael Hoefer: Yes, yeah. Okay. And then how about anything like specific phobias, like, you know, snakes or needles or you know heights or anything like that that you, that causes you
Monica: Problems in your life.
Monica: Right ratty cockroaches.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha. And are you able to
Michael Hoefer: Avoid those for most of your, you know, a lot of the time, or is it something you have to deal with a lot
Man.
Monica: Avoided it. I just like yeah like I like I didn't go like
Monica: Like to the beach. Like, I will go in the ocean, because I just feel like, like I'm going to drown or something new or the sharks. I just watched too much movies or something.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, like movies or history channel or jobs or something. Yeah.
Actually
Monica: Actually when I was 14 years old, my, my, my dad was a fisherman.
Monica: And around the
Monica: Overturning and there were says. It says that happen. I just feel the ocean.
Michael Hoefer: Oh, that's terrible. And is that is that that happened was he a fisherman in like you know Salinas Monterey area like in the bay there.
Monica: He was, he was a commercial fisherman for most Randy for a long time.
Michael Hoefer: Okay.
Monica: And then they move down south to the Gulf of Mexico, and that's where they had that accident.
Michael Hoefer: That's terrible. Yeah, I can understand why you would be wary of the ocean. After experience. And then, something like that.
Monica: And they might my uncle, my uncle was never found.
Michael Hoefer: Hmm. Gotcha. So, so a couple so your uncle and your father were on the boat.
Monica: Yes. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: And how about things like
Michael Hoefer: Do you have. Do you ever have like had ever had a panic attack before
Monica: Yes, I've had, I've had a few
Monica: Panic attacks.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, how long it goes with the last one, would you say
Monica: That there's earthquakes. I get panic attacks, I don't know, I just started like a give real numbers and I start reading
Michael Hoefer: Okay, and you try and running as kind of a way to cope with the panic.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah. Gotcha. And does it ever get so bad that you feel like your heart's going to explode or you're gonna die because the anxiety so bad, or do you just feel kind of
Monica: Sad. Yeah.
Monica: My high blood pressure starts getting pretty high to when that happens to me.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha. All right, and then switching gears a little bit. Just, just wanted to ask you, how was your. How was your mood, these days.
Monica: I'm
Monica: A little scared and happy nervous.
Monica: We do when I moved in.
Monica: Just a little bit of
Monica: Just a little bit of diesel, Eric, do you like because there's been a water haven't lived on myself. And so, and with this project that I've been going through this past five years. Um, I wasn't sure if all they would
Monica: Do it on my own. But, um, my sister and my mom and my social work and then they they've been
Monica: They've been a lot of help for me.
That'll
Monica: Be okay
Michael Hoefer: But that's a, that's a big transition moving from living with family back onto your own
Monica: You know, and
Michael Hoefer: And transitions can be hard. They can also, they can be exciting, but they can also be difficult, you know. Yeah. And but mood wise, it sounds like
Michael Hoefer: You know, from what I'm hearing from you is that you're doing okay you're you feel hopeful. Are you feeling anything like you know hopeless or depressed or suicidal or anything like that.
Monica: No, just a little scared and nervous because I'm I don't know the area and you know I have two boys and my mom puts on cameras up because that's the only way I was going to be comfortable
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. To get some record to have some monitoring make you feel safe and is the area that you're living in. Is it is it like a, is it okay safety wise area like
Michael Hoefer: Crime wise or is it
Michael Hoefer: How is it
Monica: Now it's actually pretty quiet district, for once, he did not have a different story, but but it's actually quiet.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, nice.
Michael Hoefer: And, you know, in the past, have you ever you know struggled with suicidality, have you ever had a suicide attempt in your life.
Monica: Yeah, I've had about maybe four
Michael Hoefer: Okay, and what type of things that you do in this the attempts
Monica: To try slicing my my my risk. Mm hmm. And then I tried the pills and
Monica: Then I try hanging myself.
Monica: Then I try to do heroin. Gotcha. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: And that after any of these did you end up in the inpatient psychiatric hospital.
Monica: Yes.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah. And how many times have you been there.
Michael Hoefer: Also four times about or three
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha.
Michael Hoefer: And, you know, as far as diagnosis that either your psychiatrist or the inpatient doctors gave you what type of things that people say you had. I mean, imagine depression and anxiety. Was there anything else that people have had diagnosed with
Monica: PTSD.
Monica: I think it was a bad boy one mania. Okay, and
Monica: I know I've been diagnosed with dementia. Okay.
Monica: I don't really remember the, the rest of
Michael Hoefer: It. And as far as the bipolar one does. Does anybody in your else in your family carry diagnosis of bipolar.
Monica: Yeah, my, my, my great grandfather died in a mental institution. He was a he will he died.
Monica: Being a case of friends, friends.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, I can see now, you said it right. It's gets a frantic yeah but
Michael Hoefer: Your great grandfather and my
Monica: Yeah, and I also have
Monica: To present their skills so friend and
Monica: I had to preserve that are I'm
Monica: Not sure what they call it, but it's like the new thing that they started discovering on kids.
Michael Hoefer: Autistic
Michael Hoefer: Like autism or
Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Any. How about your parents or your siblings. Do they have any psychiatric issues.
Monica: My one of my sisters had has had a few episodes.
Michael Hoefer: Of whoa, what would they call it.
Michael Hoefer: depression or bipolar mania, what
Monica: Would I think is his depression because she tries to assign yourself to
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha as anybody in the family ever
Michael Hoefer: killed themselves actually
Committed suicide.
Monica: Yeah, actually, about
Monica: I think about five years ago, my cousin are hanging show
Michael Hoefer: Because it did. Okay, gotcha. All right.
Michael Hoefer: And, you know, we've been talking about kind of thoughts of self harm or have you ever had any issues with harm to others, like, you know, severe acts of violence like jail, things like that.
Monica: About five years ago.
Monica: I was with my ex girlfriend and I was 14 years
Mm hmm.
Monica: And I was always working in town, and then when they would like card cheating on me.
Monica: Huh, and
Monica: Yeah, at the time I was hurt and I was mad.
Monica: And I didn't want her
Monica: To know
Monica: I
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. So you had you had thoughts of that then. And that also sounds like that kind of what was the big stressor that led you to reach out to mental health and depression. And, you know, after being with somebody for 14 years having to deal with that was was really traumatic. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah.
Monica: Six months.
Monica: From
Monica: When I was going through a
Monica: Seizure and they stopped me from work. I have been tripped over 20 years
Or
Monica: So,
Monica: Years.
Michael Hoefer: So that was like to, I mean your relationship and your job. Dawn in six months.
Monica: Yeah yeah
Michael Hoefer: In the seizure was the seizure like
Michael Hoefer: Was it
Michael Hoefer: You know, didn't have anything to do with, you know, we're using a lot of alcohol or benzodiazepines or drugs that can cause seizures, or was it
Monica: Just
Michael Hoefer: It was just on its own.
Monica: Because I was
Monica: Uh huh. And
Monica: That
Monica: Is what most
Monica: My brakes can take it anymore.
Monica: Well, he took some type of speaker that there that there is common to hear people with stress.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha. So you had. So you had a seizure and. And does anybody else in your family have seizures.
Monica: Yeah, might
Monica: Have him she had
Monica: Actually drawn from when you got a seizure and yeah
Michael Hoefer: And did they did the doctors ever prescribing medications for your seizures.
Monica: Merging
Michael Hoefer: The motor gene. Okay, great. That's, that's a good medication what what dose. Do you take of it.
Monica: Is
Michael Hoefer: 800 800
Monica: Or 400 I think
Michael Hoefer: I think for him to is usually yeah I mean 800 possible procedure.
Monica: For seizures, but
Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah. All right.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, any other medical issues that you have that I should know about which I was seizures. Anything else that you deal with medically with your heart, lungs, kidneys, diabetes,
Michael Hoefer: Blood pressure. Okay, yeah, that's it.
Okay.
Michael Hoefer: And do you take any other medications that we haven't talked about
Monica: I have my asthma inhalers and
Monica: I take Ghana and most reaction is I have a spice.
Monica: Mm hmm. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. And the muscle relaxers is it like flexor ill or
Michael Hoefer: You know the cycle benza Preen or do you know
Monica: You know what the name of it is they
Michael Hoefer: Oh, the baclofen
Monica: Cycle. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. All right.
Michael Hoefer: Okay. And then, do you have any allergies any medications.
Monica: No.
Michael Hoefer: No, never had a bit of allergic reaction to the medication, you know, okay.
Michael Hoefer: And then just for some background.
Yeah.
Monica: Wonderful.
Michael Hoefer: Sorry, the audio is breaking up a little bit. It's kind of coming through a little weird but what was your question.
Monica: There Latina that is
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: Is that supposed to happen for depression.
Michael Hoefer: Yes, so, so, so, so, so, la Mota gene is supposed to help can help the seizures, but it can also help with mood stability.
Michael Hoefer: And specifically bipolar depression, the motor drink can help with and then lead to to
Michael Hoefer: Can also help with depression and also can prevent manic episodes so it prevents mania and treats Manny, but it also helps a little bit with depression.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, and so they both kind of the motor gene and led to to work to try to stabilize mood and people with bipolar disorder, so they don't get too high. They don't get too low.
Michael Hoefer: Try to keep you more even keel. Yeah, you know,
Michael Hoefer: And some background questions for you. Where were you born and where did you grow up.
Monica: I was born. You next Cali Mexico. Okay. And I grew up here and said, you know, I've been here since 1973
Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Great and
Michael Hoefer: How far along. Did you go in school.
Monica: I went on a two and a half years now and then that pretty much for the for for for the gets her present commercial
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha.
Michael Hoefer: And then you. It sounds like you drove truck for about did you say 18 years or 14 years or how long did you drive truck for
Monica: 18 years
Michael Hoefer: Well here's okay and in your life. Have you ever been married, do you have any children, anything like that.
Michael Hoefer: No. No. Okay. And you go, man. You said you had a relationship 14 year old relationship to your previous partner.
Michael Hoefer: Any current romantic relationships or other long term, you know,
Monica: Big
Michael Hoefer: And it sounds like giving her we're, we're basically married. I mean, common law, at least, you know, living together that long.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah yeah
Monica: Yeah, okay. Yeah, it is. It changed my life around. I don't
Monica: I don't think I'll ever get my phone anymore.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, you just, you don't see it right now. You can't. It's hard to imagine. Yeah.
Monica: And I don't want to ever get her.
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. And have you dated at all since that, you know, since the breakup know
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. Okay, no. And so how do you spend your time, you know, mostly these days. How do you spend, you know, what's your days and your hours.
Monica: What kind of things do you do
Monica: I I pretty much on watch TV and read
Michael Hoefer: Mm hmm.
Monica: And collect too long color.
Monica: And
Monica: Clean that's about it. That's all I do. I do an ICO physical therapy.
Monica: Uh huh. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. And the physical therapies for your back to try to
Michael Hoefer: help strengthen it. Yes.
Monica: Okay, yeah. I'll also green the
Monica: Speech therapy.
Uh huh.
Monica: That's for the word I guess for the training for the dimension.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha. And so did you, you know, as far as the dimension. Did you, did you ever have, like, a really traumatic brain injury where you lost consciousness or anything like
Monica: That yeah
Monica: That was three years old. I got hit by a car.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, and
Monica: I've had a real bad accident in in 93
Michael Hoefer: Uh huh.
Monica: And about two years ago I got hit by a car.
Monica: And when I was growing up, my mom used to
Monica: Grabbing buddy hearing from Me.
Michael Hoefer: So you've had a number of, you know, concussions lost consciousness, things like that. And then, you know, as far as the dementia diagnosis is that because you're having like short term memory difficulties like memory or word finding or attention or what are the things that are
Michael Hoefer: Causing you the most issues.
Monica: The most issues is that I
Monica: I start to do something. I forget, I started out as a short memory.
Michael Hoefer: Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. And are they prescribing you any medications for
Michael Hoefer: For dementia.
Monica: Uh, I get it. I'm not sure why it's called a doctor, he
Monica: Was going to start on vacation. I asked. I haven't put the next week.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, so you're going to see her next week.
Michael Hoefer: And yes, and do you, where do you what's pharmacy. Do you get your medications from
Monica: And on
Monica: And on and on and on our North main
Michael Hoefer: Or North main Salinas. Okay, and you get all your medications from that pharmacy.
Michael Hoefer: Yes. Okay, gotcha. All right. And, and then how about anything, you know,
Michael Hoefer: Anything recently like substance use wise, do you do you drink alcohol. Do you use tobacco. Do you use marijuana, anything like that.
Monica: Tobacco ad
Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Do you smoke, and if so, how much
Monica: Are
Monica: Maybe no more than five here today. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. Do you drink alcohol.
Monica: No. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Do you smoke marijuana
Monica: No.
Michael Hoefer: No. Okay. Do you use any other drugs like opiates or math or anything else.
Michael Hoefer: No. No. Okay. And it sounds like in the past because you mentioned you know you've been on methadone and you'd had an overdose on heroin. So it sounds like you had used opiates in the past.
Michael Hoefer: How are you doing as far as your opiate use your you're staying away from them right now.
Monica: Yes, I'm staying away from them. And I've never. No matter what I've been doing my life. I always give up. Never give up myself.
Monica: And
Monica: What I what I do with my accent and I love my life.
Monica: That's when I start using heroin.
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha, gotcha. And the heroin helps you kind of just forget about it or
Michael Hoefer: Escape it or
Michael Hoefer: Not I'm out for a while, or what, how did it.
Michael Hoefer: What did it do for you.
Yeah. Gotcha.
Michael Hoefer: And then how long were you on methadone for
Monica: I've been on I've been on it for
Monica: About
Monica: Two years.
Michael Hoefer: Two years and what those are you on
Michael Hoefer: 7070
Michael Hoefer: And you go to the clinic to get it.
Michael Hoefer: Like the liquid method here. Yeah.
Monica: Okay, yes.
All right.
Michael Hoefer: And
Michael Hoefer: Are you working with them. Like have you given you take homes at all or is that something your clinic does like working on take homes.
Monica: Yes. Okay, gotcha. Yeah, that's where I'm working on. I did.
Monica: I got to where I can take over holidays.
Monica: Okay, yeah, so I should I should start. Pretty soon people
Okay, that's nice.
Michael Hoefer: Okay. And then, you know, one other question I had for you.
Michael Hoefer: In the past, any issue with, you know, cocaine or math or other substances even like a long time ago. You ever feel like you had a problem with anything.
Monica: Yeah, growing
Monica: Up. I used to only be grown up by spirits.
Monica: When I
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. So as a teenager used most things, at least you know
Michael Hoefer: You know, try and try it almost everything essentially
Michael Hoefer: And did you feel like anything.
Michael Hoefer: Did you feel like anything at that time that were you ever worried about like this. Hey, I think I might have a problem with alcohol or I think you might have a problem with math or I think
Michael Hoefer: Was there anything that stood out as, like, you know, feeling like that you had an addiction to it or you were worried about a specific one.
Monica: Yeah, I, I would say alcohol and paint oka
Michael Hoefer: alcohol and caffeine pain.
Michael Hoefer: Though, you're saying, yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah. Okay. And is that like spray paint or is that a different types of paint.
Monica: That you would use yes scraping. Gotcha. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: All right.
Michael Hoefer: And then just a couple last questions. One is, have you ever had experiences like hearing voices talking to you when nobody else is around
Michael Hoefer: Yes. Yeah. Does that happen recently. Yeah, okay.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: And how about like, you know, feeling like people are watching you are out to get you, and you don't know why.
Monica: Yeah, so I had cameras.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, so that's kind of like paranoia and that's the cameras help with. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: All right.
Michael Hoefer: All right. Well, those are kind of the major questions I have that I wanted to ask you. Thank you for answering them all. And so I know a lot of them do you, um, do you have any, anything that I left out or anything else that you think it's important for me to know right now.
Monica: I don't know. I think pretty much everything
Okay dancer.
Michael Hoefer: All right. And so, and then I guess the other question has had is, you know, the anger that you struggle with how does it negatively affect your life. Does it, does it cause you to get in fights to the cause you upset relationships is just cause you to stress how does it. How does the angrier.
Michael Hoefer: Cause you impairment
Monica: I just get everywhere on people take the best out of me and I
Monica: Feel like
Monica: You know, like everybody else was going on, you know, with like, except you.
Monica: Know it makes me mad about that I have friends and people betrayed me in
Monica: Britain much all I kind of think about capacity and kind of the wall and my word.
Monica: Is just not easy. It's hard.
Michael Hoefer: So yeah, and have you and you mentioned your social worker earlier. Do you, do you do kind of counseling or therapy or anything at the clinic that you're at
Monica: Yes.
Michael Hoefer: Okay.
And how often do you do that.
Monica: Because three times a month.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, gotcha. And can you remind me the name of the clinic that you're at the mental health clinic.
Monica: It's valid choice.
Michael Hoefer: Valid choice. Okay. And the name of the Methadone clinic, you remind me the name of that place.
Monica: Oh, that's what that is so far. Oh.
Monica: My god, I'm
Monica: Glad I can think about it. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: That's okay.
Michael Hoefer: All right. Alright, but the Methadone clinic is called Valley choice.
Monica: Yeah. Yes.
Michael Hoefer: And then the
Michael Hoefer: I guess so. So the Methadone clinic is valid choice. Is that where the social worker is you work with, is she also at the Methadone clinic or
Michael Hoefer: She had a different clinics.
Monica: Oh yeah. Her name is Ashley.
Michael Hoefer: Ashley and she's at the Methadone clinic as well.
Michael Hoefer: And then your primary care doctor is that a different clinic.
Michael Hoefer: Or
Michael Hoefer: Yes, yes.
Michael Hoefer: She's okay
Monica: And the hospital. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Let's see the hospital. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: All right, and so
Michael Hoefer: What I think would be helpful now is what I'd like to do is, is give give a call over to your pharmacy, because it would be helpful for me.
Michael Hoefer: Before we start to think about, like, what would be, you know, potential medication options for you, it would be important for me to get a better sense of kind of what your make sure I know everything you're already taking
Michael Hoefer: And also gets if potential to get some information from your
Michael Hoefer: Your primary care doctor about your med history. Like what kind of things have been tried and you know this work, this didn't work. You know, because I'm
Michael Hoefer: I don't, you know, it sounds like you're already on some medications that are actually usually pretty good medication. So I don't want to just come in and mix things around without understanding the medication history a little bit better.
Michael Hoefer: But we certainly can.
Michael Hoefer: You know, our, our company can certainly you know take you in as a psychiatric care patient and start to work on, you know, the ongoing stress and the ongoing anger and the things that you're struggling with, and see if we can
Michael Hoefer: Help you out from the medication side and also from the the therapy side.
Michael Hoefer: To
Michael Hoefer: Get you feeling better.
Michael Hoefer: So, so what that would look like. Was I would I would, you know, once we got off the phone today. I'd call the pharmacy, I'd get that I get the information of what you're on right away and then we would call for records to your primary care doctor
Michael Hoefer: To get you know all your medical history that we can
Michael Hoefer: And then hopefully within
Michael Hoefer: What I'd have is probably have one of my care coordinators reach out to you tomorrow or the next day to
Michael Hoefer: Talk to you about getting
Michael Hoefer: Into like
Michael Hoefer: Our program usually runs. We run groups that meet once a week via your phone.
Michael Hoefer: And then we also have visits with psychiatrists, or, you know, psychiatric nurse practitioners or things like that that we can help try to make your improve your mat regimen. So
Monica: Okay.
Michael Hoefer: And and it sounds like you know if we usually try to focus on, you know, we make a list of things but we try to focus on like one thing at a time, you know, just to try to make progress. So
Michael Hoefer: Would it be most would it be most helpful for you to get, you know, do you feel like would you want to really focus on the anxiety. Most anger most
Michael Hoefer: You know sleep and nightmares. What would be the thing that would be first on your list.
Monica: Right.
Michael Hoefer: Now the anger. Okay, can we get you something to help you feel better with the anger. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, yeah. So we can work on that.
Michael Hoefer: All right. Well, before we get off today's. Do you have any other questions for me or anything else. You feel like I should know
Monica: Know I pretty much don't hear it.
Michael Hoefer: Okay. Well, I appreciate you being so open with me and trusted me enough to let me know you know all this stuff and we will be like I said one of my care coordinators will be in touch the next day or two, and then we'll be in touch soon about next steps. Okay.
Okay.
Michael Hoefer: All right, thank you for meeting with me.
Monica: Okay, I'll see you then. I
Michael Hoefer: Take care.
Monica: Okay. Bye bye.